the whole cliff is one of those special
places that you'll want to visit time
and time again set within walking
distance of Blackpool seafront you will
find that this accommodation will allow
you the ease and flexibility of being
able to enjoy all the fantastic
attractions that the area has to offer
this hotel is award-winning and has been
given a four-star rating from enjoy
England such awards are hard earned but
most definitely deserved by this
fantastic independently owned hotel some
hotels push the boat out more than
others and here you will definitely be
aware that you're not only getting great
value for money but some lovely personal
touches and a service which leaves you
feeling completely spoiled no surprises
for guessing then that this hotel is
perfect not only for business travelers
but also for romantic getaways weekend
breaks and longer holidays
the home cliff hotel has a range of
beautiful bedrooms ranging from singles
right through to family rooms plus it
also has some fantastic luxury spa bath
mini suites it's very easy to feel right
at home in the rooms with their
comforting deck or along with other
features such as tea and coffee-making
facilities toiletries come big fluffy
towels the hotel has even taken the
thought and consideration for wireless
connection throughout which is helpful
if you're working but if you're on
holiday you can tell all your friends
and family just what a great time you
are having
here is just so much to thoroughly enjoy
at the home cliff hotel right from the
wonderful staff exquisite food through
to the comfortable and inviting deco I
really can't say what part you will
enjoy the most therefore I can only
suggest that you visit it for yourself
and maybe then you might just be able to
put your finger on what makes the hotel
so truly special
you